AWS Lambda plugin version and config updates (#2013)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/aws-lambda/1.0-x.md

    - name: is_proxy_integration
      required: false
      default: "`false`"
      description: |
        An optional value that defines whether the response format to receive from the Lambda to [this format](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/set-up-lambda-proxy-integrations.html#api-gateway-simple-proxy-for-lambda-output-format). Note that the parameter `isBase64Encoded` is not implemented.

  extra: |
    **Reminder**: cURL by default sends payloads with an
    `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` MIME type, which will naturally be URL-
    decoded by Kong. To ensure special characters that are likely to appear in
    your AWS key or secret (like `+`) are correctly decoded, you must
    URL-encode them, hence use `--data-urlencode` if you are using cURL.
    Alternatives to this approach would be to send your payload with a
    different MIME type (like `application/json`), or to use a different HTTP client.

---

### Sending parameters

Any form parameter sent along with the request will be also sent as an
argument to the AWS Lambda function.

### Notes

> If you do not provide an `aws.key` and `aws.secret`, the plugin uses an IAM role inherited from the instance running Kong.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not provide an `aws.key` and `aws.secret`, the plugin attempts to use an IAM role inherited from the instance running Kong.
```

Reviewer: (id also suggest removing the extra newlines; keep this sentance and the next one paragraph

> First, the plugin will try ECS metadata to get the role. If no ECS metadata is available, the plugin will fall back on EC2 metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin will first try ECS metadata to fetch the role; if no ECS metadata is available, the plugin will fall back on EC2 metadata.
```

with lambda functions, and create users and roles.

1. Create an Execution role in AWS.
2. Create a user that will invoke the function via Kong and test it.
3. Create a Service and Route in Kong, add the aws-lambda plugin linked to
our AWS function, and execute it.

#### Configure

1. First, let's create an execution role called `LambdaExecutor` for our
lambda function.

    In the IAM Console, create a new Role choosing the AWS Lambda service. There
    will be no policies as our function in this example will simply execute
    itself, giving us back a hardcoded JSON response without accessing other
    AWS resources.

2. Now let's create a user named `KongInvoker`, used by our Kong API gateway
to invoke the function.

    In the IAM Console, create a new user. Programmatic access must be provided to the user via Access and Secret keys. Then attach existing policies directly, particularly the predefined `AWSLambdaRole`. After the user creation is confirmed, store the Access Key and Secret Key in a safe place.

3. Now we need to create the lambda function itself; we will do so in
N. Virginia Region (code `us-east-1`).

>     In Lambda Management, create a new function `Mylambda`. There will be no blueprint because we are going to paste the code below (which is an example code snippet). Let's choose an existing role for the execution role, specifically `LambdaExecutor` created previously.

Reviewer: in same cases in this document, this is written as `Mylambda`, and in others, `MyLambda`.

Author: > in same cases in this document, this is written as `Mylambda`, and in others, `MyLambda`.

@p0pr0ck5 Great catch! Done in commit 7efda68. Thanks again for your review.
